docs/r/autoscaling_group: remove merge conflicts (#20741)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/autoscaling_group.html.markdown

* `max_size` - (Required) The maximum size of the Auto Scaling Group.
* `min_size` - (Required) The minimum size of the Auto Scaling Group.
    (See also [Waiting for Capacity](#waiting-for-capacity) below.)

> * `availability_zones` - (Required only for EC2-Classic or attaching a network interface via id from a launch template) A list of one or more availability zones for the group. This parameter should not be specified when using `vpc_zone_identifier`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `availability_zones` - (Optional) A list of one or more availability zones for the group. Used for EC2-Classic, attaching a network interface via id from a launch template and default subnets when not specified with `vpc_zone_identifier` argument. Conflicts with `vpc_zone_identifier`.
```
